Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us today.
Well, it's Diana and Brandon today and we're so thankful that you all are watching us today.
There's some things on my heart to talk about, but I didn't have a lot.
But I told Diana, I said, "I feel in my spirit to make a video.
" I was out working in the yard, and there's a lot of things you all been discouraged about with the red heifers.
They're saying at the Temple Institute that all the red heifers from Texas didn't qualify for the temple ceremony.
And at first I was kind of like, "Man, that's a real bummer.
" I told Diana, I said, "Man, what does that mean, you know?
Does that mean that delays the return of the Lord and all that?
" But inside, I feel there's something afoot, you know, like I feel that there's something more to this because after she started studying it out, you know, I told her, she's like, "Oh no, Brandon, does that mean, you know?
" And I said, "Hold on, let's just study and just what is it about the red heifer?
What is it about all this stuff?
Because people are so disappointed about it.
" So after Diana was doing the research on it, you know, and finding out that they're very secretive.
They don't talk about things because it's very controversial and they don't want rioting.
They don't want an uprising of any kind of governmental, of anything, you know.
So, it's holy for one, a very holy thing to the Jewish people.
And looking for this red heifer without any kind of—it can't have more than two red, different color hairs on it.
It's a perfect red heifer.
And so, supposedly, out of these cows, they didn't all qualify.
They disqualified.
So this is like how many weeks before the Feast of Trumpets?
We have like seven weeks now, and they just come out and say this this week.
And I thought, but they had a practice run.
So they had their practice run, and they saw what it would be like to do this event.
Hasn't happened in 2,000 years.
And then all of a sudden this week they come out and say, "Well, sorry folks, it's all messed up.
Not all of them are bad.
We're not going to be able to do it at all now.
It's back to stage one.
We have to go looking for one, and we've been looking for all this time.
" So, could that be true?
Yes.
But I feel in my spirit, I'm just, you know—I don't have a word from God concerning it.
I don't.
But inside of me, I'm thinking, could they be trying to, you know, like sleight of hand again?
"Don't pay attention over here.
Don't pay attention over here as we're doing something over here," because they want to do it in September.
I told you September is a very, very high alert month.
This is the month.
Here we go.
We're just, you know, three weeks away from the month the Lord circled, and it was in red, and there was a cloud of dust on it.
And He said, "This is a time of great change, great acceleration.
" And I thought, well, the Feast of Trumpets is in September, and that is the 23rd of September of this year.
And so, could we have an event there that they sacrificed secretly?
That, yeah, the heifers that they're telling you all about is in the front, and everybody said, "But they have one that's hidden in the back that they're not talking about just for safety.
" Because they said that if people knew where it was, people could try to hurt this thing.
And if they hurt it and they do something to it or mess it up or whatever, it makes it not holy or sacrificable to be burnt or whatever they're going to do with it to make these ashes to build the third temple.
It disqualifies it.
So if they scar it, if they mess it up, you know, it disqualifies this red heifer so that they can't even use it.
Yeah.
Because it has to be without blemish.
Without blemish.
So they have to hide it.
This red heifer is like cream of the crop.
It's the best of the best, and it's probably worth a lot of money.
So you hide it in an undisclosed location is what I believe, you know, and so let's just see what happens.
If they come out on the 24th and say, "All right, we had our ceremony," and they have pictures and they tell everybody and they get the ashes of it and they do everything, and they want to dedicate the temple and get ready for everything, I just think we're just right there.
Could it be delayed?
I don't see it.
But, you know, I mean, anything's possible.
But I'm just thinking, wow, Lord, could we have a distraction over here while doing something over here in the night where everybody's watching, "Oh no, bummer," and all the Arab nations, everybody's like, "Well, we knew it was too good to be true, but you know, they all just leave it alone"?
And then all of a sudden, they come out and go the day of, the day of or whatever, and have a big ceremony and tell everybody because they didn't want any kind of weirdness.
So, we'll see.
But we see Bibi saying we're going to take over Gaza.
They want to do all this stuff.
We see the meeting, another thing with President Trump and Putin in Alaska on the 15th.
And this is what I thought was interesting, that Zelensky is saying, "We don't want nothing to do with it," you know?
Here Trump is trying to cause a peace thing and we're going to do this.
We're going to talk.
We just want to talk things through.
And then we have the puppet Zelensky going over.
Huh?
Zelensky.
We have the puppet over here doing exactly what I told you, Emmanuel Macron and all these, that they don't want peace.
I've already warned you all.
How many times did the spirit of the Lord—the Lord said, "You didn't warn them"?
He did.
When we were praying and the Lord said they don't want peace.
They want to escalate this thing.
Why?
Because of financial things, oil agreements, major escalation of war to support the euro, to support their economies.
And this was concerning Canada.
And the Lord even showed me Mark and him over there, and he was talking to the weasel, and they were all, you know, with Europe and with—I'm sorry, with England and with all the other things going on with all these other nations, with Germany in the background trying to figure out how they could escalate.
And that's what the Lord was so upset about this because He was saying, "What would it be if it was their sons and daughters on the frontline?
" If you all remember that prayer time we had.
So Trump, I told you, he said, "I want peace.
" He was in the midst of it saying, "We want prosperity.
We want a golden age, a new crypto age.
We want all this stuff.
" And he's in the background saying, "We could make America great again.
We can make the world—let's have a trading thing.
Let's—in my term, I want it to be one of the greatest comebacks of all time of the dollar, about money, about everything.
" And I told you all, when I saw the new digital age, it was a new industrial revolution that the Lord was showing us was going to take place, that He said, "Watch AI and what they do with AI.
" And even in not the last video, but the video before, the Lord kept talking about even with the healings and all this.
And boy, there are some of you who got really upset about that.
I'm not talking about AI being your healer.
Jesus Christ, ladies and gentlemen, let me tell you this: Jesus Christ is the only healer.
He paid the price of 39 stripes on His back so that every single one of you can walk in freedom from sickness and disease, any kind of, all of it.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory over sickness.
But can God use medical science to help you?
Yes.
And that's why I was trying to say—I even, even Oral Roberts raised up how many doctors through ORU to take to missionaries and help them to help these people that are sick, that modern science can help.
I believe God is a good God and He can use anything He wants to use to help His people.
He's not limited to say, "Well, you know, Jesus, I know He died for them, but if it comes down to modern science and it can help them, the only way through it is just by divine healing.
" I believe any kind of healing is divine healing.
I believe anything that's good that comes from God is a healing, burden-removing, yoke-destroying power of God.
That's like saying that somebody who's strung out on drugs can't go to rehab and get help, or if they have marriage problems, they can't get freedom and go to marriage counseling and talk it over.
Well, you know, you go, and anything that's good that makes it better is good and it comes from God: counseling, therapy, whatever.
The devil comes—and I'll say this again over and over and over again—the devil comes to kill, steal, and destroy.
But God comes that we might have life, and life more abundantly.
And whatever it takes you to get abundant life is God.
Now, what's His perfect plan?
Us to walk in divine health through His word.
Yes.
Do you hear that?
His perfect plan is to walk in divine health through His word, finding scriptures that pertain to what you're believing for and standing on the word of God for the manifestation of what you're needing.
Now, everybody's faith is at a different level.
I have babies on here, and I have veterans on here.
So, the veterans go, 'Hey, it should only be by the word of God.
' But the babies are going, 'I don't know about the word of God.
I just got born again yesterday, but I'm dying of this and I need help.
But I found out if I go to the doctor, they'll help me.
' Well, am I up in here to try to condemn you and say you shouldn't go get help?
Heavens, no!
It's like that—remember that joke where they said the guy was stranded on top of his house during a flood, and then a boat came by and he said, 'Hey brother, I see you're stranded there.
Can I help you?
' And he said, 'No.
' He kept praying and saying, 'Lord, save me, help me.
' And he said, 'No, I'm waiting on God to help me.
' And then somebody else came by, like a helicopter or something, and tried to throw a lifeline down and help him, and he said, 'No, I'm waiting on God.
' And then, sure enough, finally the flood rose high enough that he died.
And then he went to heaven.
And when he got there, he said, 'What happened?
I prayed, and I used my faith, and I believed God that You would save me, but You never did.
' And God said, 'I tried to.
I sent the lifeboat.
I sent the rescue helicopter.
I sent all those people along your path, and you just didn't accept the help.
' Right.
And there are so many in the body of Christ who do exactly that.
They only want divine encounters.
And we have family that are like that, and I understand where you're faced.
They say, 'Well, I don't even take a Tylenol if I have a headache.
I don't do any of this stuff because I feel like it's going against the word of God.
' But I'm like, I have family—even my grandpa wouldn't even go and put lotion on his hands because he thought it was against the word, because of using anything modern to heal him if it wasn't God healing him.
And his hands would crack and bleed all winter long because he thought it was against the Bible to put lotion on his hands.
I'm talking about spiritual bondage, to the point where my aunt got bit by a brown recluse as a young girl, and the authorities had to come and get my aunt from my grandparents to take her to the hospital.
But by the time they took her and got her there, the brown recluse bite made her so sick that she became mentally handicapped and still is today, and still has massive seizures.
And my grandfather's gone home to be with the Lord.
But that was just the way it was.
They just felt like anything that had to do with modern science, if it wasn't God touching you directly, then it wasn't God at all; you're just going to die.
You know what I'm saying?
And so my aunt is still mentally handicapped today, right now, and still has repercussions from that decision.
And it was the wrong decision.
It was the wrong—I'll say it right now—it was a wrong decision.
She suffered her whole life because of someone else's decision, and it was because of that brown recluse.
Now, that may make some people really mad, but I'm telling you, that's how extreme people get with this.
I've been on the wrong side of this and the right side of it, watching people, and I'm telling you, there gets to be some bondage coming up in here where people can't even live.
They go, 'Well, I can't even...
' and you're like, 'There's a cure there.
' I can tell you another one.
There was another girl in that church who had problems, and they wouldn't even get her help, and DHS had to come and get her because the people were just being flaky.
Yeah, you can get to the point where you're so religious and so brainwashed by things that it's like whenever they deal with snakes and dance around, you know, 'I'll touch any deadly thing and it won't harm me,' and they're dancing around with cobras and vipers and everything, and they bite them and they think, 'Well, I guess it wasn't meant for me to live.
I must have had sin in my life because this cobra bit me, or the snake, or the copperhead, or whatever bit me, and I didn't go to the doctor to get it taken care of, so I died.
But if it's meant for me to take up these serpents,' I'm telling people, there is life there.
Those kind of people are out there.
So, you just have to use wisdom in these last days is what I'm trying to say.
I'm not trying to condemn anybody that doesn't believe in modern science.
I'm not trying to say either way.
I understand you follow the Holy Ghost for your life and don't be flaky.
If you have a peace, you go with your peace, but there comes a point—there's wisdom behind everything we do.
And God is a God of wisdom.
And you say, 'Well, Brandon, I believe this.
' I'm not trying to tell you to believe either way.
I'm trying to tell you there's a balance of things.
And I've seen both sides, and people get—when Megan was first diagnosed with autism, I was so scared because of the Word of Faith, of everybody saying you have what you say.
Don't say that, because life and death is in the power of your tongue.
Do you want that?
And whenever I saw that she wasn't talking, I saw that things were going on with her and it was so bad, but I wouldn't allow other people to say the word 'autism.
' In fact, if you said that word, I'd be ready to fight because I was scared of it.
I was scared of the diagnosis of autism to the point where it was bondage.
And even around her, we called it 'the A-word.
' You know, 'the A-word, it looks like she might be...
' It's flakiness, but that's where you get so much that you think, 'Well, I know that life and death is in the power of the tongue,' and I understand that you have what you say, you speak to the mountain, and you tell it to be removed and be cast into the sea, and if you don't doubt in your heart, you shall have whatsoever things you say.
I believe that you are snared by the words of your mouth.
I understand that.
But there gets to be a point in time where you get flaky with stuff.
And I'm not denying autism.
I'm denying its right to be there.
Yes, I'm denying its right to be there.
I say it doesn't have a right to stay.
I'm not denying the poor report of what all these neuropsychologists have said, because they're just doing their job, and all the therapists, and everybody who's ever tried to help us.
At the beginning, we didn't want to do anything.
But then the more we went to these therapists and the more they started helping us, you go, 'Well, is this God?
' I was so grieved—I'm telling you all, this is a major deal because this is bondage.
And I cried myself to sleep because of the diagnosis when the state people came into our house, and they evaluated her and they helped us, and they said, 'This is what she's going—what's the level that she's at,' and all the things.
And when we went to the neuropsychologist, and the neuropsychologist told us, 'She'll be at this level for the rest of her life,' and all this death sentence is what you hear about a dream of what you had for your daughter, a marriage, a family, a job, everything that you ever wanted for her as a mom and a dad, to think that maybe one day, that moment of what that doctor was saying was basically a death sentence to those dreams.
And at that time, that's all we could see.
And in the midst, when you're that close to the trees and you can't see around them, and you have family telling you, 'Well, you know, it could be a devil.
You know, if you just have faith, brother, and you go out there and pray and do this, and you fast more—you must not have enough faith to get her healed.
' Do you know how that's like a kick in the gut?
Especially from people that you love, and they tell you that kind of stuff, and they're so righteous and they can believe God for it so much better than you.
But then you look at their life and they're more broken than you are.
But they can't see outside of the trees because they're too close to their forest.
They're broken.
Their children are strung out on stuff.
And you look at them and go, 'Come on, man.
Everybody's a work in progress.
' I'll tell you how many times I had people say, 'Well, you must have been in sin.
You must be living in sin.
What kind of sin do you have hidden in your closet that God's punishing you, and that all this happened?
' And you know how many times I'd go home and just cry myself to sleep.
I didn't know what kind of sin.
I'd go and search all the time, 'Lord, what am I doing wrong?
I must have a door open because the devil's up here eating my lunch and I don't know what to do,' and cry.
That cost us our marriage.
How many times did we say, 'I can't live this anymore.
I have so much pressure on me.
I've messed up time and time again,' blaming me, blaming Diana.
'Whose fault is this?
' And all it came down to is: God is a good God, and the devil is a bad devil.
And what the devil meant for bad, God had to turn it for good.
When I told you I had the visitation with the Lord, and He took me out of my body again—I jumped through that portal, you can go watch that video—He took me to the past.
He said, 'I want to show you the power of a decision.
' It was a beautiful visitation I had with the Lord.
And He said, 'Whatever you do and you mess up on, Brandon, if you're upright with me and you're seeking me, you're not big enough to mess up your life.
You're not big enough to mess up your life, Brandon.
The footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord.
And no matter how bad you mess up, or if you think you've messed up and derailed your life, I can turn it on a dime, son.
No matter how bad the shots did this, or how bad this was with Megan or whatever, I can turn it around if you just keep in faith and believe me for it.
' There's nothing too big, and there's nothing too small.
God has paid the price for it all.
And I don't know why I got off on this today because that's not even where I was going, but somebody obviously needed to hear it.
But I'm telling you, oh, I know why—where I was going was about the AI and the things that I've seen coming with the healings of diabetes, cancers, and all the things the Lord told me are coming.
Like I told you all, if it was for Megan and they told me, 'Hey, we have a cure for autism tomorrow,' this guy right here...
If they are not requiring a Mark of the Beast chip in my hand or something in my forehead, and if it's not working anti-Bible—if it goes against the Word of God, you don't do it.
Right.
If it goes against the Word of God, you say, 'No, no, and heck no!
I'm not going down that road.
' But if it's not, then what's wrong with you?
I would say, 'Yes, I'm going.
We're going to go tomorrow.
' What is it?
An IV or whatever pill, and she's fixed.
She goes, 'Hi, Dad.
How are you doing?
' You can take it to the bank, I'm going to do it.
Some vitamin that God made, that they just discovered helps it.
Because I know there's things on this earth that He made for us.
There's Scripture to even back it: herbs and plants for the service of man.
He talks about that in the Bible in Genesis.
He said, 'I have given you all the herbs, the dirt basically, the plants, and everything for the service of man, to the service of us.
' Yes.
So if He gave us herbs, plants, and things for vitamins to keep our bodies strong, especially with how depleted our soils are...
I take vitamins.
I take all kinds of supplements to keep healthy because what we eat is depleted.
But I'm just trying to help you all because there's so many people who get in bondage to things.
And you say, 'Well, you know, hey, if it's making you better and you're going from glory to glory...
' If you're on drugs—I have so many people say, 'Brandon, I'm strung out.
I do acid when I'm watching you.
I do this, I do that'—well, God doesn't want you on acid, man.
God doesn't want you on meth.
God doesn't want you on crack.
God doesn't want you smoking marijuana and trying to see over in the spirit—you're going to get snared by a devil.
The only pure way you're going to see in the spirit is not by a hallucinogen like, 'I do acid and I want to see over.
' No, that is demonic spirits trying to mess with you, okay?
It's only by the anointing and by the glory of God.
That's the only way you're going to see and hear the Holy Spirit for real.
So get sold out and get radical.
Fast a little bit.
Seek His face and you will find Him.
Knock and the door will be opened unto you.
Good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over as you give; men will give unto your bosom.
I believe for favor beyond anybody.
I'm talking—this is a time of favor.
He's talking about it again.
I was out in my flower bed and the Lord was talking to me about days of favor.
Days of great favor for the youth.
He said, 'Brandon, I'm going to do something huge in the youth.
I want you to get ready for what I'm about to do with the youth in these last days.
' And I stopped and I went, 'Wow, Lord.
' I had open-eye vision.
I was sitting out there, pulling weeds, doing stuff.
And He said to me, 'I want you to get excited for what I'm about to do and have expectation for what I'm about to do with the youth in these last days.
' And I'm like, 'Okay, let's do it.
Let's be excited about it.
' As we pray for our governors, we pray for our president, we pray for our spouses, the revival, and finances...
as we see Judge Torres...
I'm telling y'all, folks, I didn't see it happening any other way other than her.
But God, when we did our live stream two or three days ago, four days ago now, whatever, and said, 'Let's pray for Judge Torres...
' When we were praying in the spirit, He went around her, bypassed the liberal judge that was blocking everything—like, you know, being a poo-poo head, blocking everything—had two parties come to agreement and drop the whole thing, and it went away.
Do you see what God did?
I told Diana, 'I didn't know that could be done.
I was praying for her, her, her, her, her.
' And God's like, 'Here, boop!
' And He went around the back door like He always does, and it was shocking to me.
And I told her, I said, 'What does that mean?
You're going to have to research it.
' When I got the emails, people said, 'Brandon, it happened.
It's over.
' And I went, 'No, Judge Torres didn't do anything.
What are y'all talking about?
I'm praying over Judge Torres.
Oh, God, help Judge Torres.
I bind the devil on Judge Torres.
' And God's like, 'I went through the back door and here I am.
' And He made two parties agree and dropped the whole thing.
And I went, 'What about Judge Torres?
' She's not even in the equation anymore.
But that's how big God is.
And He shut the door completely.
He was like, 'Don't you know, Brandon, My thoughts are higher than your thoughts?
My ways are higher than your ways?
' He is the God of more than one way to skin a cat.
" You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
There's more than one way to get things done, folks.
But in my mind, I thought, "Judge Torres.
I'm praying over it.
" I'd go, "God, no.
" And then, when you hear His plan, you say, "Wow, that was way better than what I was trying to pray.
" Yeah.
You didn't have to mess with the liberal judge.
He just bypassed her and went the other way.
His plans are beautiful.
And it even happened on a Thursday.
I had that written down.
And the Lord said, "Well, it happened on a Thursday.
Pray about the Thursday.
" And I told everybody, I even tried to tell you all Thursday without saying it, and I even brought up Thursday, "Let's pray about Thursday.
" But I don't, because there are certain things...
Because everybody, because I have so many troubles, they go, "Well, that wasn't this Thursday," because I didn't know what Thursday it was.
But the Lord said it will happen on a Thursday because you all, instantaneously, if I say Thursday, you're going to say, "It's this Thursday, and you missed it, brother.
" No, I don't know the Thursday.
All I know is it's going to happen on a Thursday.
And this is the time frame the Lord says to pray about a Thursday.
So Braden, when it happened on Thursday, and Diana, they were all laughing because they said, "Wow, it was how many weeks later?
Was it a month?
Two months?
" Yeah, I think it was about six to eight weeks later.
Yeah, it happened on a Thursday.
And they were laughing because it wasn't the Thursday that we were hoping for weeks ago.
It was because He didn't know, I didn't know.
All I know is I was praying over a Thursday.
And when I went into intercession, we started praying, even in this last video.
There are things that the Lord's showing me about August, September, and the time frame of a great acceleration of the wealth transfer going into the first frost.
Remember the first frost, praying over the first frost.
What does the first frost represent?
The Lord said, "Not their first frost.
What's your first frost?
" So that's the next prayer assignment because He said, "Pray over the first frost for the kinging of the host, for agreements to be made concerning these things, and it will skyrocket double, triple, quadruple in the days ahead, praying over this.
" And as you saw Trump walking around with the pig.
Remember I said he's walking around with the pig.
He goes in through November, and I saw the housing market and things going up like this, and I saw it was transparent.
I saw him walking this pig.
I saw January.
I saw lowering taxes on a sign, and he was excited about the sign.
He was telling everybody, "Look at my sign.
" And he was walking around the pig, and it had lipstick on.
He was so excited to parade this pig.
And I thought, "Man, Lord, I know this represents something.
" And as you saw a new industrial revolution, and I saw the pillars again.
I saw the black onyx pillars, and I saw the diamonds on them.
And the Lord said, "These will become major things with safe havens.
" And I saw three—not saying these would be the only ones—three new trillionaires.
Three new trillionaires.
And I thought, "Well, Lord, that's amazing.
Is that the only trillionaires?
" No.
What do these trillionaires have in common?
What do these three trillionaires have in common?
He's speaking about these three trillionaires for a reason.
They're all about something.
But I don't get into that.
I just give you little hints along the way because of the visions that I get about Michael Saylor and about the other guy and the other guy.
And I thought, "Isn't that kind of interesting, isn't it, Lord?
" So you just keep pushing.
You just keep praying because He's painting a puzzle.
He has the puzzle, and you're putting the puzzle together to tell you where we are in these end times.
Where are we in this end-time calendar?
Where are we in these end times?
He said, "I'm giving you a window of opportunity to bring it, and there'll be one percent to handle the great wealth.
" If you're listening to Him and you have your head on His chest, and you're listening to Him as He breathes, He said, "I'm not going to yell and tell you things.
I'm not going to scream anymore.
I'm going to say it with a whisper.
" And the only way you're ever going to hear Him in these last days and hear the close things that are to His heart is by spending time with Him on a day-to-day basis.
Yes.
Not, "I'm distracted over here.
Squirrel!
" No.
"What's on Your heart?
I'm going vertical.
I'm not going horizontal.
And I'm looking for You, Father, and I'm going to find You.
And I'm not seeking You for the invention or for the investment.
I'm lost in Your love.
" Because most people go, "Well, I'm going to spend my time today, and Lord, I just thank You that You're going to give me the secret fountains of the hidden, deep things and all that, and You're going to tell me that thing, and the only reason I'm here is for that.
" We don't seek His hand.
No, it's perverted.
We seek Him because He's good.
We seek Him because He is worthy.
We seek Him because He is God.
He is all-sufficient in Himself.
Everything that we ever need, everything that we ever could think of needing, He has it right in His hands.
And as we seek Him and spend time with Him, He'll give what's in His hand.
He's a good God, but He knows your heart and your motive.
It's like if my little Paisley or whatever came and said, "Daddy, what do you want?
" or is just sitting on your lap, and there's nothing...
You can always tell.
I just know this.
She's wanting something.
She wants a cookie, she wants ice cream, whatever.
Or she's just wanting to come and just love on me.
You just know.
But either way, I reward her because I just...
You know, but I know there's a difference in just the relationship.
You just know.
And that's what God's looking for in these last days is just a yielded, "I love you, Father.
" So, that's just really what we had.
I know I'm just pulling things out of my spirit, but I'm just desperate for Him.
And it goes back to the first love.
Every single day, I go back to all these distractions, all this YouTube, and all the people pulling on you.
It's a lot of distraction, and I'm thankful for it.
I'm thankful.
But I know you go back to the main thing and keeping the main thing real with Him.
I just need Him.
And out of the overflow is what people come for, you know, but we're desperate.
Yes, desperate.
Getting to that place of desperation where we are for the fall.
All this other stuff doesn't matter: preaching and engagements, TV time, all this stuff.
I'm like, "God, where are You at in any of this?
The invitations, the collabs, you know?
" I just find where He's at, you know, and it's like where I found He's at is in my flower bed or sitting at my laundry machine listening to the spin cycle, praying in the spirit.
And that's where I used to sit for hours before all this, and now I go and sit in my chair.
But you just go into that place of where He has always been, where He has never left, and all of the celebrity, all the stuff, all the pressure, you go, "This is crap.
" It really is, folks.
And I'm telling you, He is in just the plumb line.
It's a beautiful relationship.
It's not fancy.
It's just so beautiful, and it's so real, and it's so raw.
It's like Elisha when the fire and the wind and the earthquake came, and then there was that still, small voice.
Exactly.
But you know, all the stuff you see, who's saying what, all this stuff, I go, "I appreciate the emails, but there's a part of me that goes, I don't care what prophet so-and-so is saying.
" I really don't.
They are what they say.
I'm not accountable for whether they say we're in the end times or not.
I'm telling you, Jesus isn't coming in September.
And that may upset a lot of y'all, but I'm telling you, we have work to do.
And if He comes back right now, there's a lot of people going to hell in the next couple of weeks if He does.
If He comes back at the Feast of Trumpets this year, there's a lot of people going to hell.
I'm looking for Him every day, but I know what I feel in my spirit.
We have work to do.
And He's talking about, 'Brandon, we have work to do.
I'm coming.
Tell My people I'm coming.
' There's no urgency in the body of Christ.
They're all asleep.
Even with the people that I feel should be awake, and the people that I see a lot of times in our circle, there's not a lot of people that have urgency.
And I don't want to attack them.
I got in trouble because I talked about certain things, and the Lord said, 'Brendon, I don't run people down, but I want urgency.
' It's not my job to point out they don't have urgency.
You know, it's my job to try to fan your flame through the Holy Spirit to tell you to get urgency.
But I can't sit there and go so-and-so doesn't have urgency, so-and-so...
because it's toxic.
He said, 'Brandon, that's not your job to talk about a convention.
Who has urgency and who doesn't?
That's not your place.
Your place is to keep just bringing up what I tell you to on your platform that I've given you.
' And that's not toxic.
Your job is just to keep loving on people and keep pointing them to Me.
Yes.
And I just say, 'Okay, but I feel like sometimes I don't want to be the schoolyard bully going, "No, you should be doing this.
"' No, it's not my job to tell you what you should be doing.
The Holy Spirit should tell you what you should be doing.
I tell you my example of what I'm doing, and if it witnesses with you, fine.
If it doesn't, fine.
You know, we're making a list, doing all the things He's told us to believe big for the rest of this year.
We've got five months left of this year to believe Him for big, to believe Him for exceedingly abundantly above all, to give Him.
I put it on the list to say, 'This is what we put before You,' and intercede for that and say, 'God, this is what I'm believing for big.
' I'm just saying, make your list.
Write down every heart's desire that you have on there and say, 'God, I present this to You.
' He said He would give you the desires of your heart in these last days.
I just believe that God is able to do it.
And so, we write the list down.
I'm, for Megan, believing for full manifestation.
I'm believing for Megan to talk.
Yes.
I'm believing God on that list, Father, for Megan to look me in the eyes and say, 'Daddy, I love you.
' I'm looking for her to say, 'Daddy, I would like to have a good drink of water.
Daddy, I need prayer.
I don't...
I'm overcoming something.
Can you tell me what you're feeling?
' Do you see what I'm saying?
My desires of what I'm believing for could be something totally different than what you're believing for.
I'm believing for whatever.
You know, you just put it on there.
It doesn't have to be something really big.
Your faith could be just for a five-dollar thing.
Don't look at your faith as, 'Well, I only have five-dollar faith.
' Everybody starts somewhere, you know?
Just take that five dollars and say, 'God, I'm believing for five.
I'm believing for 10, then I'm believing for 20, 30, 40, $50, $100, whatever.
' And just start somewhere with your faith.
But put it on your list, even if it's a stick of gum, and watch God bring it to pass.
Nothing's too big and nothing's too small.
God paid the price for it all.
Know that He loves you and He cares just where you're at.
And I want to hear the testimonies we got.
When we were praying—coolest story ever—when we were praying for the dog.
Remember the dog?
Yeah.
I wasn't laughing about the dog.
I was laughing because I had a breakthrough in me.
And people go, 'What was he laughing at?
That was so disrespectful.
You're laughing about the dog.
God cares about the dog.
' Yes.
I love dogs.
I am a dog fanatic.
In fact, if I could fill a whole backyard full of dogs, I would, because that's how much I love dogs.
I want a dog.
I want guard dogs.
I want lap dogs.
I want all kinds of dogs.
I love dogs.
So, I understand when you're saying, 'Hey, we lost our dog and we miss our dog.
' And when I saw the Lord, when I saw in the vision, the Lord said, 'Pray for that person's dog.
This dog is important for somebody.
It's very serious.
' I thought, 'Well, Lord, of course.
' But then I felt the Holy Ghost laughter hit me.
We got the email.
Yes.
It was amazing, from a man who lost his wife, and he was turning his heart from the Lord because he was upset at the Lord because his wife died from cancer or something, right?
Yeah.
And this dog was their dog together.
And he talks to this dog all the time.
And it's a blue heeler, beautiful dog, right?
And the dog went to the barn with this guy, and then one day, that day, he just disappeared, and he was looking everywhere for this dog.
And it was like the straw that broke the back.
Like seriously, a major deal for this man because he already lost his wife, and now he lost his dog, and he didn't know where the dog was.
And he called and was upset about losing this dog to his daughter, and the daughter started interceding for this dog to come home, and she saw our video.
She saw our video, and she started crying.
Right.
Yeah.
She told her dad and told him what she saw in the video, and she said, 'Let's just believe God for him to come home.
' So the dad fell asleep in the chair, and he heard that night, in the middle of the night, the dog barking.
The dog barking at the door, at the door in the middle of the night.
The angels went and got that dog and brought the dog home.
And the dog was standing outside barking after how many days?
So many days.
Brought the dog home after we had the prayer video.
That dog came home, ladies and gentlemen, after we agreed.
And because it was a major deal for this guy, because he was an elderly man and he was already upset—he's in his 80s from what I understand, yeah—and he's already upset because his wife died, and now his dog was gone.
And he was upset at God to the point where we're believing for his salvation.
It was bad, like he's turned his back on the Lord, he's upset, right?
So, all that being said, it's about the small things that God cares about.
And as we prayed, God brought that dog home because God loves His kids.
And I just thought that's a miracle in itself, because I never see dogs...
to pray about a dog.
But the angels brought that dog home, and I thought, isn't Jesus wonderful?
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
Then Mary, we called—I said, 'Mary'—she emailed it.
She got healed.
Mary got healed.
There were so many of you that when we were praying for healing and calling out healings, you got healed by the power of God, and we got the testimonies and emails saying, 'Hey, I got touched.
My eardrum...
' One person was in India watching and was radically touched by the power of God through the camera and was healed from something very serious.
And I thought, isn't that amazing what God's doing through this YouTube channel?
I thought, thank you, Lord.
We got emails from Poland and Australia.
It was amazing.
Yeah.
God is so good.
We got a letter from Australia today from a man who watches us, who is in prison.
And he was trying to encourage me, as he's in his prison cell writing me a letter, and his mom talks to him about us and about our channel.
And he's trying to encourage me about people poking and saying persecution of me as he's in prison.
And I don't know how long he's in there for, but he was writing us a letter to tell us not to give up on our faith and what God...
all these scriptures, all these encouraging scriptures in prison.
And I was just like, oh, you know, when you have a bad day and you think you're having a really rough day, and then somebody writes you a letter from prison, and they can't get out, and they're saying Jesus is coming soon, and they're excited about it.
It's their hope.
Yeah, they messed up.
Yeah, they messed up bad, you know, they're in there.
But even in that case, in that state of desperation, Jesus is there with them in that cell.
And it's so encouraging to see they watch you.
I don't know how they're watching me from prison, but their mother was watching.
And what was his name?
Reinhardt.
Reinhardt said he sleeps on a really cold foam mat, and you think, "My goodness," you know.
There are just so many people who write letters and tell us we're helping by encouraging y'all to keep going.
People strung out on heroin—one guy was on heroin up north.
He gave us a picture of his family and said that we've helped him with his walk with the Lord.
In the email, he was asking if he could pray for Megan and stuff, to be nice to Megan, and it's just stuff like that you just go, "Wow.
" The humanity side, the love of the humanity side, people sending letters, things like that—it just blesses you to keep going.
But it's the same thing as when we do this channel.
I'm telling y'all, we do it from all of our heart for Jesus because we feel such an urgency in these last days and we're running out of time.
So when you join us and you pray with us, it means so much to us that you would want to spend your day with us and watch these videos.
Here I am rambling again, but we just wanted to say thank you, and we don't want you to give up on what you're believing for.
Keep believing God.
Even when it's the darkest, even when it doesn't seem like there's ever going to be a light, always stay on God's side.
And keep your head up, for I know He has a plan for your life.
Redemption.
Your redemption draws nigh.
And everything has an expiration date.
Everything.
Just keep on keeping on.
So that's what we had for y'all today.
I know it's kind of just a variety of different things.
We talked about the Temple Mount, all the things, but it's just things that are just real to me right now.
You know, I come on here to tell you some things that are encouraging and that I'm seeing in the spirit and what I'm praying over, and I'm excited to hear your testimonies about how God is healing and touching your lives through this channel.
It's amazing.
I just go, "Look at that.
Look, Lord, what you're doing through a YouTube channel.
" So let's pray right now, and let's believe God for your miracle today.
Let's believe God for your supernatural, whatever it may be.
I don't know, you know, but all I know is we get a lot of people saying they're believing for a lot of things.
So we're just out here and we're believing for you—we'll be agreeing, too.
We're agreeing with you today for whatever it may be.
And Diana and I, we love you.
We pray for you.
And so we're just going to pray right now that every need you have is met in the mighty name of Jesus.
So Father, I thank you, Lord, for every single person that's watching this video right now.
Father, I call healing over their bodies.
I thank you, Father, that their marriages are stronger than they've ever been before.
That Father, this is a time that you're bringing forth what the cankerworm ate—God, you're turning it around for good for them.
Father, I believe today is the day of their breakthrough.
Whatever they may need, from their bodies to their minds to their soul, whatever—you could say, "I've been addicted to these things for so long, I'll never get off of it.
" But I believe that today is your day of deliverance from those things.
Father, I call them healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
Father, today what seems to be years and years of bondage, Father, I thank you, Lord, that today they're radically set free, like this guy with heroin addiction and acid addictions and all these things.
Father, we believe they are set free from drugs, from pornography to alcohol to cigarettes to whatever it may be, the bondage that keeps them bound.
I thank you, Father, that they're no longer bound in the name of Jesus.
I call them healed and whole and well and delivered from this satanic bondage, this yoke of bondage.
Father, I thank you that the anointing destroys the yoke, breaks the yoke in the name of Jesus.
And I thank you, Lord, that they're healed and whole and well in the mighty name of Jesus.
They're free, and whom the Son sets free is free indeed.
And I thank you, Father.
I thank you, God, that nothing's too big, God.
I've seen you do it, and you've done it time and time again.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that today is the day that they're free from cigarettes.
They're free from sexual perversion.
They're free from alcohol, free even from casual drinking.
Father, they don't open any doors to it.
The Bible says, "Give no place to the devil.
" And Father, we'll give no place to the devil today in any area of our life.
We kick him out.
We say, "You are no longer welcome here.
You are kicked out.
" We say, "This place is no longer occupied by the devil.
It's occupied no longer by addictions and pornography and alcohol and all these things.
It's not occupied by you.
" We kick you out of that room, and we say, "Holy Spirit, come and invade it.
We need you.
" And the only way we're ever going to get completely free is by the word of God and knowing who You are to us.
Become more real to us today than what we've ever seen before.
Father, we're desperate.
We've had all these addictions, we've had all this bondage.
These people have been bound by so many different things.
And Father, the Bible says you shall know the truth, the truth of God's word, and the truth will set you free.
Now, Holy Spirit, I thank you, Lord, that you shine this word according to Ephesians 1, that the eyes of our understanding would be enlightened today, that we would know the hope of Your calling.
I believe, Father, that the word is a lamp unto my feet.
Even this scripture—that's not Ephesians, but the Bible says, "The word is a lamp unto my feet, a light unto my path.
I will hide your word in my heart that I might not sin against you.
" And I believe that today, Lord, we're not going to sin against You anymore because the word is a lamp and a light.
And I believe that, Father, that light is flooding our eyes today.
It's lighting up the path, doing all what the word said it would do because Your word is a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path.
And I'll hide Your word in my heart.
I hide it in there, Father, because You said the truth you know will set you free.
The truth you know will set you free.
And we know that You became all of those things: the addictions, marriage problems, wayward children.
You paid the price for it all for us to walk in victory.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for job opportunities.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for this is a time of great favor, of great acceleration, of promotion, that whatever they put their hands to will prosper.
That this will be a time like never before that You exalt the righteous, that You exalt Your children.
That, Father, we are no longer the tail, we're the head.
We're no longer underneath.
We're going to go through it.
We have the cattle on a thousand hills.
You have it all for us.
But Father, it's not for us to struggle and barely get by in any area of our life.
It's for us to walk in victory and go from glory to glory, Father.
And I thank you, Lord, that every one of the people represented here today, Father, they are going from glory to glory.
And Father, we believe that the word of God has set them free.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for that right now.
God, for jobs and better jobs, raises and bonuses, benefits, sales and commissions.
Father, we believe for inheritances, rebates and returns, checks in the mail, gifts and surprises, finding money, bills paid off, bills decreased, blessing and increase.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that that's the kind of God we serve.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we're going from glory to glory to glory, that we're always on that potter's wheel and we're staying close to the vine.
We're on that vine.
You are the vine, we are the branch.
And we refuse to detach ourselves from the true living source.
Stay attached.
We stay on that vine today, Lord.
And we seek your face, Father.
And I get lost in you.
We get lost in you as we seek you, Father.
And we know, Father, that you have a plan for our life today.
Yes.
Thank you, Lord, in the name of Jesus.
And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise, Father, for all that you've done and all that you're going to do.
Thank you, Lord, for what you've done in Diana and me.
Thank you, Father, for my children.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you've blessed us with.
Thank you, Father.
We're so grateful, Father, for YouTube, for these people, Father.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for what you're going to do and what you continue to do to bring the prayer warriors forward.
Father, we're believing for a million subscribers, a million people to come and pray with us on a day-to-day basis.
A million prayer warriors, Father, that it's not just in America, but that it's going all around the world.
Father, we're believing for all our channels to explode in growth, all for your glory.
Father, we thank you, Father, for every single person who's represented here.
Even for cars.
Believe for cars, houses, whatever they're believing for, God, we believe with them and we extend our faith with theirs that it's coming to pass at last in the name of Jesus.
And everybody say amen and amen.
Thank you for being here today.
Thank you.
If you could, subscribe.
If you're not subscribed to our channel, subscribe.
It really helps get the gospel out.
It helps reach every part of the world.
It really does.
And it's just a part of YouTube, what YouTube requires.
So, if you click this button, it really helps us out.
It really does.
And we really appreciate it.
We really do.
Thank you.
Click the like button.
Comment something nice down below.
Do all it takes to help us with the algorithm.
Appreciate it so much.
We love you all.
You're such a blessing to us.
Thank you.
God bless you.
We always close our broadcast by telling you this every single time, to put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we will see you again soon.
Bye-bye.